hey what's going on yardages Omarion and
i'ma need you to check out the student
pocket guide com welcome to liquid ops
which were here for fat nights amari and
how you doin I am awesome you know we
just chillin in the background I see
most people don't really get the
opportunity to see what happens around
this area but we are bringing you the
exclusive
now if anyone who is unfamiliar with the
work of Myron you were the lead man of
b2k yes I was and I you know actually it
was an actor extraordinaire you guys
serve Fat Albert you know um somebody
help me you know um I'm kind of been on
TV sitcoms I'm kind of known for you
know a couple of different names you got
a lot of strings to you by yeah well you
know we try to do everything you know II
don't we want all the money no
I really took that time to you know just
find myself and what I mean by that is a
lot of times when you're so young and
you're in an industry that is a business
you don't really recognize it i got to
know what I was signing up for you know
that I was on the road at 14 and
traveling and going to Japan going
different places and you know in
involving myself in different cultures
and never really understood how it would
affect my life because people have seen
me grow up you know and I really just
took that time the con is just create
really and as a man really you know a
narrow down you know what it is that I
wanted to become all my good traits I'm
a bad traits and you know figure out if
this was you know going to be something
that I really wanted for myself in I'm
back yeah
Hillary
yeah to also you know my mom was you
know she had me in 16 so she was a very
young mother you know and I had siblings
so I'm a big brother first you know so a
lot of you know who I become has
influenced my family influence other
people so you know a lot of artists
won't tell you this but you know because
I'm a big brother first I have to be
responsible so a lot of my music a lot
of what I say a lot about how address a
lot about how I walk everything has to
speak that has to speak in true to who I
am an idea the little brothers and
sisters think i might become so cool oh
yeah yeah I'm the cool I was the first
cool yeah
now am i right in saying that you're the
newest addition to judging panel for an
American dance reality show is that
right yeah america's best dance crew one
back in the state and it's been you know
I think this is the fifth season now and
it's so interesting you know because
having to be a part of you guys serve
and a lot of people knowing me for my
dancing that the performers are the
dancers and the dance teams they just
they just love you know that a dancer is
on the pandal now someone that actually
understands movement you know it could
show them so it's awesome it was an
awesome experience yeah
now for amare and wannabes watching and
thinking I want to break into the come
on now what advice would you give well
really I would just say be true to
yourself and what I mean by that is the
way you know nothing's really original
you know we're all inspired in you know
history you know is is a big part of the
reason why you know I became his
creative eyes and became in my artistry
because of people like Michael Jackson
you know Sammy Davis jr. James Brown you
know like performers so I know where
it's been so because I've studied
history I know where I want to go so I
would just say stay true to yourself
really know that it's going to take hard
work it's going to take a lot of effort
and remain optimistic don't ever become
bitter you know and take care of your
gift you know if your singer you know
don't smoke tens 20 packs of cigarettes
you know like appreciate your gift you
know drink tea seeing become better
progress the dopest thing about you got
cigarettes out here says smoke kills I
think that's so funny I actually don't
mind someone having smoked cigarettes
now because I feel like what at least
they know it's different if you don't
say it but when you visually see that
like smoke kills then it's like okay
well you know if you jump off the bridge
you're gonna die so at least you know
there's a big sign saying hey if you
jump it is gonna hurt you know so I like
that I'm sorry apparently you are a very
good dancer thank you are we gonna say a
little to suppliers are asking too much
oh you want to see we'll see if I have
some music are you gonna be around it
well well actually I've got some music
yeah are you okay with this because i
read on my red am I on your myspace you
can dance to anything okie you can
choreograph to anything again on demand
let's go okay let's go let's do this
let's see if amare in on demand you
might know this tract you might not know
it's big over here at the moment
I can't believe biggest reason barbra
streisand
yes amarlo yes they are hey what's going
on auditions Omarion and I'm gonna need
you to check out the student pocket
guide com